So getting familiar with these interface now we have shipping and you can see for example you can set
the weight and the dimensions and the shipping class going to create shipping classes in upcoming ideas.
But for example here you can add two kilograms and then you can add the dimensions.
Maybe if it gives the centimeters the width.
So the I mean then something like this.
And you can update these up and the front end of your side relo.
And you can see on the additional information we have this additional information that will have the
weight and the dimensions setting weight and dimensions will help you when you install Aplin to make
calculations on the shipping based on the size of the bycatch and also the destination that you have
added.
I'm going to show you how the Latino community is of course.
Then we have the link at products in the next video we're going to see link at products and then Cup
attributes.
There is a word BVO when I'm going to show you at the meats and advance stuff.
So this is a pro interface.
You can see it's really easy to use and of course I'm going to show you the rest of these Studien from
the next video where we're going to start working with the link brokes and that's a on Provera you can
see we have some other options but we're going to continue getting familiar with the interface of all
comers in the next media.